GEREGU POWER PLC // UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS // FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

14

1.2

3.1

3.2

3.3

General Information

Reporting Entity
Geregu Power Plc (‘the Company") is a registered Company domiciled in Nigeria. The registered office of the
company is Itobe-Ajaokuta Express Road, Ajaokuta, Kogi State, Nigeria.

Principal activities
The Company is principally engaged in the business of electric power generation and sale of electric power through
the National Grid of the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) to the Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trading Pic (NBET).

Security and trading policy

The Board has established an Insider Trading Policy designed to prohibit dealing in Geregu Power Plc. shares or
securities on the basis of potentially price sensitive information that is not yet in the public domain. This is in line
with the Rules of the NGX, the Investment and Securities Act (ISA) 2007 and the SEC Rules and Regulations.
Having enquired, we can confirm that all Directors complied with the Insider Trading Policy during the period under
review,

Basis of preparation

Statement of compliance
These unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as issued by International Accounting Standard Board (IASB), and in compliance with
Financial Reporting Council of Nigeria Act No 6, 2011. Additional information required by national regulations are
included where appropriate.

The unaudited interim financial statements comprise the statement of financial position, statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, the statement of changes in equity, cash flows and the related notes to the
interim financial statements.

The unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the going concern principle
under the historical cost convention, as modified by actual valuation of staff gratutity financial instruments measured
at fair value.

Functional and presentation currency

These unaudited interim financial statements are presented in Naira, which is the Company's functional currency.
Except as indicated in these unaudited interim financial statements,financial information presented in Naira has
been rounded to the nearest thousand.

Basis of measurement

These unaudited interim financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis except as modified by
actuarial valuation of staff gratuity and fair valuation of financial assets and liabilities where applicable. There are
other assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost.
